at the end let's go come together yeah
I'm just trying to get any yeah but they
want to see me Father
I said I'm just trying to get a yeah
yeah yeah now I was always told to make
the right decision and always had dreams
but nobody never listened then I bring
on my grind I'm just trying to get it
and miss the life I chose I'm just
trying to live it my uncle when I jim
lord knows i missing me said everything
real man keep i'm at a distance and with
that being said I'm just trying to get a
yeah yeah
possible I'm living in the optical
thinking about my dreams I was always
told to follow road home and stand tall
I can't fall like so dumb I just want it
or not my patience that's the bottom no
living life stress-free like no tomorrow
lost my brother key in DC but I can't
let him go I got so much hatred so this
thirty I won't let it send my head mom
always told me what's the mail without a
Bible not how you're gonna succeed if
you surround yourself with liars once I
had a dream and then I woke up spitting
fire not how one man going water Empire
cuz it's a free fall like a ring full of
Fighters that think I'm on top in my
hood right beside me I promise I won't
change even if the label sign me and I'm
looking for my destiny but they hope I
will find joy so to make the right
decision and always had dreams but
nobody never listened then I've been on
my grind I'm just trying to get it and
this the life I chose I'm just trying to
live it my uncle win that gym lord knows
I mess up me said it's a real man keeper
matter distance and with that being said
I'm just trying to get a
yeah I'm just trying to get a
how you start something you don't finish
daddy told me that when they get tougher
to replenish they wanna see me fall they
hiding from beginning but I'm just young
and gifted I made the right decision I
told my mom I swear to God that we gonna
get better the only option that I'm on
top and I'm getting shattered
I'm ducking cops and I'm selling rocks
in the lonely weather that's where I got
em I swear I promise we come together
but on some real stuff I lost my homies
to a gun my homies with some soul just
so my homies didn't run this stuff get
real up in the field I'm ready when they
come no asking questions no
second-guessing named for none dreaming
about success but it's hard when you
don't see it and in order to achieve it
you gotta believe it I came for like the
season I'm here for a reason I prayed a
guy cuz I need them cuz look I was
always told to make the right
and always had dreams but nobody never
listened did my friend know my grind
published trying to get it and that's
the life I chose I'm just trying to live
it my uncle when I Jim lord knows I mess
up me said if they real man keeper
matter this this and with that being
said I'm just trying to get a yeah
I'm just trying to get a
yeah yeah
you